List assumptions and dependencies of the Linux guide (#269)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/linux-getting-started-guide.mdx

- The [source for the Memfault Linux SDK][source-sdk].
- A [sample integration using Yocto][source-yocto-example].

## Assumptions and dependencies

- The initial releases of our SDK are centered around [Yocto][yocto-homepage]

>   and are only guaranteed to work on [`4.0 kirkstone`][yocto-kirkstone].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and are verified to work on [`4.0 kirkstone`][yocto-kirkstone].
```

> - Your project uses [`systemd`][systemd-homepage] as an init system.

Author: Note that other and more specific dependencies will be listed in the related integration guide (i.e. U-Boot, `libubootenv` for OTA).

Reviewer: Should we mentioned it here anyway as optional dependencies?

Author: Will add, good idea
